Mention that brackets are redundant if using a parameterless generic … (#32537)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/csharp-11.md

```

You must supply all type parameters when you apply the attribute. In other words, the generic type must be [fully constructed](~/_csharpstandard/standard/types.md#84-constructed-types).

> In the example above, the empty brackets can be ommitted as the attribute does not have any arguments.

Reviewer: Let's clarify the characters that can be omitted:

```suggestion
In the example above, the empty parentheses (`(` and `)`) can be ommitted as the attribute does not have any arguments.
```
